In the course resources, you will find a profile PNG file.
I've added that file to the asset folder here and now let's display this profile PNG with the user in
the user list.
But before doing that, let's extract this user list as a separate component.
So here in the the terminal, I'm just going to create a new component, angular class and g generate
component.
And again, this is going to be under home directory just like the user list, but this component name
will be user list item.
And for this one we don't need test.
So running skip tests.
So the component is generated.
Now let's extract the content of this list item to the user list component, but we will also display
an image.
So what we are going to do is here just commenting out, we will display app, user list item.
This is the new component we created.
So let's open that one user list item.
This is the HTML of it and user list item.
This is the component.
Yes.
So we are going to display the user name and also the image of that user, which is going to be the
default profile image in this component.
So we are going to pass the user information because we need this user username and to to this component.
So, so we do it by property binding.
So we will pass a property user and basically it's going to be this user at the moment this component
does not have this property.
So let's define that.
So we are going to take an input.
And this is going to be a user and the type of this one is going to be Yusor as well.
But let's say this is never going to be a null or undefined.
So we add exclamation mark here and in the user list component.
Now we can do like this.
We no longer need this part.
So we will have.
User username.
So if I save at this point.
Nothing is broken.
We are asking the users.
Let's also add the image to this one as well.
So let's have an image here and the source is under assets.
There is profile PNG, let's say this one.
Now the size is too big.
So let's set the size as width of it as 30.
Like this, and that's at all as you can go with profile or we can use the user's name in this one.
And let's also set some styles again using bootstrap styles, a rounded circle.
And let's also add shadow.
Let's go with a small shadow like this.
So the user list is like this.
It's not a fancy component.
It doesn't do much thing.
Consider this one is just a practice to extract the things from components.
So from a browser point of view, everything is fine.
But if we check the karma console, we have lots of errors which are basically related to the app user
list item, this new component.
And that's because in test modules we didn't import those and we need to import it in user list tests.
So here we need to.
Declare a user list item component.
Let's save this one.
And let's check the console once again.
We still have this error because the user is also rendered in the home page, which is rendered in the
app component.
So let's declare this in app component spec as well.
So we have user list item component saving it.
And checking the console now it is clear the errors are gone.
So we fixed the errors in the karma part, but let's also fix them in the just as well because we are
using same things in the just so opening the app component spec and opening a component just yes.
And let's declare user list item component.
Let's save this one.
So the one in the component, the failures in the app component is gone.
But we still have one more failure.
It is in user list component just so we need to.
And the declare.
User list item component saving it.
And here we see all tests are passing.